Story Video Template Page

Notes:

Can adjust settings and save video templates as their own template, example "Ghost Stories"

Channels can have multiple video templates selected, it will then make videos from all selected types.

Final video length is determined only after piecing together all the elements below, like hook, intro, main story, outro etc.

Elements marked with an asterisk need to have their output available as a shortcode that i can use elsewhere, like in a prompt

Any time a prompt box appears, it needs it's own model selector and settings, located near to the prompt box itself)



Elements and options:

Name (Name of Template You're Creating)

Save button (saves template settings under it's new name)

Hook (prompt to generate a short hook added to the very beginning of the video. Probably a cliffhanger summary of the story, quick visuals. Needs settings for things like speed of edits. I'm not sure if Hooks should have it's own dedicated page to set them up, and then be selected at the Channel level, as I think I'll want to be able to choose what thumbnail types a channel has, rather than every channel that uses the "Ghost Story" template having to use the exact same hooks.)

Ideas List* (A box where I manually upload a list of ideas that it uses to generate a video, separated by some chosen delimiter, perhaps ---, as some ideas take multiple lines to describe them. A shortcode is needed for this box. One idea will be chosen, and can be inserted into a prompt box. Should try not to use the same idea in consecutive videos, so just rotate them)

Story Outline Prompt Box* (creates a story outline [using Idea shortcode] - generates an outline of a story, title, chapter names etc. Needs to extract that data by looking for pre-decided format indicators, such as the video title will be next to this in the output "Title:". Generates a shortcode to use the outline elsewhere)

Full Story Prompt Box* (turns outline into the full story/script, outline is passed via shortcode. Needs to extract just the story, possible encased in some predecided output indicator, like --- above and below. Generates a shortcode to use the final story/script elsewhere) 

Video Edits (choose how it transistions between image or video clips in the rendered video. eg. Mix Fade, 2 seconds)

Images* (prompt that generates list of image prompts by looking at the script, or outline, inserted via their shortcodes. The text in the prompt will decide how many image prompt are to be made, but there should be area in tool next to this, to tell it how many images to expect. Might need to verify the output has the correct number?)

Image Assignment/Timing* (prompt that takes list of generated images and the final script, via shortcode, and asks which images should go with each sections of script. It outputs the segment of script that the image should go with, as well as the filename and brief description. This segment of script will used to generate the individual pieces voice audio that will be ultimately be combined together to create the full audio for the video. Needs to output the script segment as a shortcode for the audio generation below. From this we can also tell what the first and last images will be, so can be used by the "Hero Images" function below)

Image Models (prompt that generates an image that will be used in the video. I'm probably using Flux Schnell for most images via Replicate. Each image will go with a section of audio. Can choose preferred model and settings. Has a fallback model and settings, in case first model didn't generate anything. Can select None for second model.)

Audio (select model and voice(s) to use. If multiple voices, that means one video will use one voice, another video will use another voice. Audio is generated in chunks, using the shortcode from the Image Timing. Can also select the pause gap to use between the assembled audio clips)

Background Music (prompt to select from pre-chosen music, uploaded to a folder. Probably uses "Story Outline" or "Full Story" shortcodes from above, in the prompt. Can manually set volume, fade in/out, loop etc)

Video Effects (can set effects like Ken Burns zoom that are applied to each image, and other overall effects that can be added to the main story video, like film grain, or fog if possible. For things like the zoom effects, it needs option to adjust the speed, direction and so on)

Captions (option to add captions to video. Think Remotion has a function for this. Would be nice to have ability to adjust font, colour, placement, and maybe how many words are displayed at a time)

Chapter Indicator (can switch on/off chapter indicators, where fade to black then title indicates the next chapter. Might need to be set at Channel level instead. Can chapters be set in the uploaded video too, where you can see the changes in the timeline scrollbar?)

Hero Images (option to use a different/better image model for what will be the first and last image used in the video. We don't know which will be the first and last image until the image assign prompt has been run. Can select what the better model will be, eg Flux Pro or GPT4o. Again, if a model fails to return an image, then switch to the other model)

Uploaded Images/Videos (a function and area where i can upload my own footage or images that could be used in the video. Folders can be named after their generate niche, like Horror. Filenames and descriptions will need to be similar to how the AI generated images are saved, as this local list of assests needs to be included into the image assign prompt, so it can select from them, if it deems them relevant enough.)








