Channel Page Elements

Notes:

Elements marked with an asterisk need to have their output available as a shortcode that i can use elsewhere to pass their output, like in a prompt box.

Ideally have the channel stats visible if Youtube api can pass them back - things like subscribers, video views, CTR, date published etc. But this isn't that important yet.

Perhaps I will ultimately need the ability to approve videos before they're published, but leave that idea aside for now.



Required Features:

Name (set the name of the channel.*)

URL (url of the youtube channel)

Logo (option to upload a logo image, probably a png with transparent background)

Watermark (option to add a watermark to the videos. Area to upload an image, adjust the placement and opacity)

About/Description text tor channel (area where i can upload the description text for the channel, not the description text that comes under a video)

Chapter Indicators (on/off. Adds a fade and chapter name screen between chapters in the video)

Video Intro Title (Option to upload an ident/branded video clip/image with name and logo. Appears after the hook, if there is one, and before the main video begins. Switchable on/off)

Video Outro (similar to the intro above, adds a branded video/image just after the end of the main video, possibly used to ask viewer to hit like and subscribe. Switchable on/off)

Video Description (prompt to generate the video descriptions for each video made. Located here as needs to be branded. Uses shortcodes to get video info that can then be used in the prompt.*)

Scheduler/Publish Rate (Determines how many videos are made for that channel per day/week. Can set a range, like from 0-10, and set the period, like daily or weekly. Example, if set at 0-2 videos per day, one day it might make 2 videos, the other it might make 0. Multiple videos per day are distributed evenly throughout the day)

Video Templates (Tickable list of the video templates that the channel will use. For now, we're just making a Story video template. Ultimately will be able to select multiple ones for a channel, and it rotates through using them, from video to video)

Thumbnails (tickable list of the available thumbnail template types, that are made elsewhere in the Thumbnails tab. Can set multiple thumbnail types - First image, last image, gpt4o generated. If GPT4o fails, then fallback to using first image. Thumbnails to have their own section?)

Status (what task its currently doing)

On/Off button (to stop/start it running if needed)

Function to create a video locally, so I can test the output, but that doesn’t upload to a channel. Shouldn't affect the list of ideas, or next video that is made to be published.